**a.** **Title**: Profiling the immune vulnerability landscape of the
2019 Novel Coronavirus

**b.** **Keywords**: epitope prediction, vaccine development.

**c. A few lines that summarize the main findings of the article (the
shorter the better!)**

This study harnesses bioinformatic profiling to predict the potential of
COV2 viral proteins to be presented on MHC I and II and to form linear
B-cell epitopes. These estimates suggest a T-cell antigenic profile
distinct from SARS-CoV or MERS-CoV, identify focused regions of the
virus with a high density of predicted epitopes, and provide preliminary
evidence for adaptive immune pressure in the genetic evolution of the
virus.

**d. A critical analysis that explicit the limitations of the study, if
any.**

While the study performs a comprehensive analysis of potential epitopes
within the virus genome, the analysis relies solely on bioinformatic
prediction to examine MHC binding affinity and B-cell epitope potential
and does not capture the immunogenicity or recognition of
these epitopes. Future experimental validation in data from patients
infected with SARS-CoV-2 will be important to validate and refine these
findings. Thus some of the potential conclusions stated, including viral
evolution toward lower immunogenicity or a dominant role for CD4+
T-cells rather than CD8+ T-cells in viral clearance, require further
valiadtion.

**e. 1 or 2 sentences describing the importance and implications of
these findings in the context of the current epidemics**

These findings may help direct peptide vaccine design toward relevant
epitopes and provide intriguing evidence of viral evolution in response
to immune pressure.
